we'll get to know you hear the opening
round scheduled for ten
and he ties up on the inside Jackson's
got a field that right there he was
sitting tagged by a big uppercut zoning
in on that gun combination punch
downstairs
airs that overhand right a head shot
block
how about bad exchange
Jackson's I is really a mess now due to
this putt now if yours opponent it's got
to be the primary target on the hill and
that's the key word assuming a lot of
people a lot of plans do assume that
that you start aiming at that bull's eye
so to speak but I don't believe in that
because now all the segments about
yourself off a little bit to start
bitching punches to that exact spot
America's fighting the fight is senses
letting the jab go in the general
direction of the head set up the other
parts if you don't want to get carried
away but looking to pitch voice that
exact spot
protecting his head well with his guard
good solid right hand by diesels punches
in bunches combination of top
diesels advantage is in the speed
category he's a mover he's an elusive
target those opponent has one advantage
one thing that can take that street away
that is timing he bet on the stand a
good combination pushing by diesel
longing of a razor-sharp hood
his highest God he really is at risk of
being a TKO loser here I suppose if he
can defend himself properly the final go
on yeah well that's going to be up to
the discussion is judgment up to referee
I mean this is what the roughly is paid
for his judgment are these kind of
situations
this ring and these guys are fighting
with him four square feet long they were
spotted ain't moving who's coming they
would have did this training in a poem
boo because that's what there is most
landing body shots particular thank of
forceful to punta tombo by diesel big
and I
Jackson's back up but is he back in the
fight we're going to find out in second
whether or not he moves his head now
because there's this fake they betrayed
you better get up all those steps and
stop it he's not right
and slush with the combination of stairs
hey
the canvas once again
for what about this time
the ref stops the fight Jackson is
unable to beat the count knockout loss
forum
bye
you